document running linter w/ test-bot (#1349)
Homebrew/homebrew-bundle: README.md

## Tests

Tests can be run with `bundle install && bundle exec rspec`.

> Syntax linting can be run with `brew test-bot --only-tap-syntax --tap homebrew/bundle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syntax linting can be run with `brew style --tap homebrew/bundle`.
```

is probably a better option here?

Author: Ah, didn't know about that one. Fount the `test-bot` command from the ci log. Pushed w/ corrected syntax (your version, but w/o `--tap`).
